PSS:

The scope of the CDex project is to defined combinations of exchange methods (push, pull, subscribe, …), specific payloads (Documents, Bundles, and Individual Resources), search criteria, conformance, provenance, and other relevant requirements to support specific exchanges of clinical information between provider and other providers and/or payers. The goal is to identify, document and constrain very specific patterns of exchange so that providers and payers can reliably exchange information for patient care (including coordination of care), risk adjustment, quality reporting, identifying that requested services are necessary and appropriate (e.g. should be covered by the payer) and other uses that may be documented as part of this effort. Clinical data payloads will include C-CDA, C-CDA on FHIR, compositions, bundles, specific resources, and bulk data exchange. This list is intended to be illustrative and not prescriptive. The project will address patient consent where appropriate.

IG proposal:

This IG provides detailed guidance that helps implementers use FHIR-based interactions and resources relevant to scenarios associated with Provider exchange of clinical information with Payers and other Providers. The IG covers six specific use cases that demonstrate how to exchange clinical data generated by Providers with Payers and other Providers to improve care coordination, support risk adjustment, ease quality management, facilitate claims auditing and confirm medical necessity, improve member experience, and support orders and referrals. It supplies guidance on how to reuse existing profiles fit for this type of exchange and provides additional profiles and guidance, where needed, to specifically address the requirements not covered by existing Implementation Guides and profiles.

For these six use cases, the IG describes how to exchange required data as individual FHIR resources, data extracted together as a meaningful collection of information, or data shared in the form of a clinical document such as an encounter summary or patient summary. An encounter summary document includes a predefined collection of data that tells the story of an encounter where services were provided to a patient. A patient summary document includes a predefined collection of data that provides and overview of the provision of care services provided to a patient over a range of time. The IG clarifies exchange requirements for metadata that establishes the context (provenance) for documents, collections of resources, and individual informational resources as well.

see

https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=40738757

https://confluence.hl7.org/display/DVP/CDex+Supporting+Materials?preview=/40741941/40742231/CDex%20DaVinci%20Meeting%20-current.pptx


subscribe to Task queue and filter on task_id

get ping with id and pull Task to get info or just async and get url to pull up info.

Level Set...

IG Strategy:

focus of IG

Support FHIR RESTFUL Query
Task Based approach - mirrors PCDE

outline of IG

General Framework:
  Support FHIR RESTFUL Query
  Task Based approach - mirrors PCDE   explain when and why

Exemplar UseCases and Examples ...  do we have a tool that create examples

+ subscribe to Task queue and filter on task_id

+/-aysnc?

call out bulk data


review trackers

next steps: create outline

use hackmd for the markdown editing.

try to create in sushi

update sushi to latest ver.

start with only hrex and US Core artifacts for now.

create CapStatements in xcel
